yes
today we are going to talk about diet car
hygienic
did you know that a whole karin diet
that high-carbohydrate diet
carbon
that's the reason why if you think about it,
just sweets and calugas like all
they believe constitute this diet also they
include drinks the pasta the potato
for example
clearly carbohydrates are
necessary for our children are a
immediate account of energy and in turn
they serve as a structural component
for our cells
that's why it matters that eating these
food but remembering the following
while more viscous and adhesives are
our food longer
will remain attached to our teeth
thus increasing the risk of caries this
is for example chewing gum and
calugas
in turn, you have to be careful
time to eat foods that
easily break up and fragment as
the cookies or the potato chips that
we like them so much because these little ones
pieces of food get trapped
easily in the spaces included
in the teeth between the teeth
where the access by the brush
teeth is more complicated
avoids sugars like glucose and
sucrose there are other sweeteners like
which you can see on the screen that is not
affect oral health remember that
you can always read the information
nutritional of your food
choose more fibrous foods like
fruits and vegetables as well as
nuts
Water consumption in addition to promoting
a healthy diet helps the
prevention of caries due to its content
football it is advisable to drink between a
liter and a half to two liters of water
daily so let's start drinking water
but actually now that we know
really what hydrates are
carbon will be a myth passed down from
our ancestors that this kind of
food cause tooth decay
really what these produce
Foods from our oral cavity
Even if you do not believe it in your mouth,
large number of bacteria that coexist
with each other these bacteria
metabolize that is to say they feed on the
carbohydrates not see any
true problem
the metabolic defects of these
bacteria is acid here is the problem
you once put sugar in a glass of
water after a while that lump of
sugar is undoing the same thing happens with your
teeth in an acidic environment but very
slow very slow
in fact the things of diaz is a matter of
months and even years
the problem is that consuming this type of
food habitually and in a way
constant will cause cavities in your
teeth then the key is in the
moderation know the right rations
and take into consideration some of the
tips like the ones that we have given you in
the course this video
there is currently a pyramid
proposed by the center of
nutrition policy and promotion a
organization of the department of
USA agriculture made the year 2004
the call martina mit a pyramid
food of vertical stripes that do not
only tells us the variety and quantity
of the group feed food but
he also talks about lifestyle
how to do sport that is extremely
important
respect the meal times try to
do not eat at published times that eat
at an inconvenient time do not brush your teeth
so we keep that acid ph in your
mouth for more time
Here I leave a brief summary of everything
what we have seen